docs - helm consul k8s 1.1.x helm chart reference (#18057)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/helm.mdx

        - `caCert` ((#v-global-secretsbackend-vault-connectinject-cacert)) - Configuration to the Vault Secret that Kubernetes uses on
          Kubernetes pod creation, deletion, and update, to get CA certificates
          used issued from vault to send webhooks to the ConnectInject.

          - `secretName` ((#v-global-secretsbackend-vault-connectinject-cacert-secretname)) (`string: null`) - The Vault secret path that contains the CA certificate for

>             Connect Inject webhooks.

Reviewer: One word above and below.
```suggestion
            ConnectInject webhooks.
```

Author: Hmm will think about these connect inject differences in a separate PR in consul-k8s later.

### connectInject ((#h-connectinject))

- `connectInject` ((#v-connectinject)) - Configures the automatic Connect sidecar injector.

>   - `enabled` ((#v-connectinject-enabled)) (`boolean: true`) - True if you want to enable connect injection. Set to "-" to inherit from

Reviewer: one word `ConnectInject` or `Connect injection` because it is a proper noun.

  - `default` ((#v-connectinject-default)) (`boolean: false`) - If true, the injector will inject the
    Connect sidecar into all pods by default. Otherwise, pods must specify the
    [injection annotation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/k8s/connect#consul-hashicorp-com-connect-inject)
    to opt-in to Connect injection. If this is true, pods can use the same annotation
    to explicitly opt-out of injection.

  - `transparentProxy` ((#v-connectinject-transparentproxy)) - Configures Transparent Proxy for Consul Service mesh services.
    Using this feature requires Consul 1.10.0-beta1+.

>     - `defaultEnabled` ((#v-connectinject-transparentproxy-defaultenabled)) (`boolean: true`) - If true, then all Consul Service mesh will run with transparent proxy enabled by default,

Reviewer: Not sure if this is what you meant but it seems more consistent with the other changes:
```suggestion
    - `defaultEnabled` ((#v-connectinject-transparentproxy-defaultenabled)) (`boolean: true`) - If true, then all Consul Connect services will run with transparent proxy enabled by default,
```
